Clean up normative language (#420)
ietf-rats-wg/draft-ietf-rats-corim: draft-ietf-rats-corim.md

#### Conditional Endorsement Series Triple {#sec-comid-triple-cond-series}

The Conditional Endorsement Series Triple is used to assert endorsed values based on an initial condition match (specified in `condition:`) followed by a series condition match (specified in `selection:` inside `conditional-series-record`).

> Every `conditional-series-record` selection MUST select the same mkeys where every selected mkey's corresponding set of code points MUST be the same across each `conditional-series-record`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Every `conditional-series-record` selection MUST select the same mkeys where every selected mkey's corresponding set of code points ( i.e., mval.key )MUST be the same across each `conditional-series-record`.
```

Author: What? No, the point is to remove parentheses from normative statements.

Reviewer: The item in the paranthesis is a highlight to remove the confusion as the code point is for mval.key rather than a mkey in a measurement-map, so it is super important to have it here. I am ok, to remove the paranthesis around it, if it becomes a necessity!

> Every `conditional-series-record` selection MUST select the same mkeys where every selected mkey's corresponding set of code points (i.e., mval.key )MUST be the same across each `conditional-series-record`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Every `conditional-series-record` selection MUST select the same mkeys where every selected mkey's corresponding set of code points represented as mval.key MUST be the same across each `conditional-series-record`.
```

If there are multiple algorithms in common between the condition ECT and candidate entry, then the bytes paired with common algorithms MUST be equal.
This is to prevent downgrade attacks.
The Verifier SHALL treat two algorithm identifiers as equal if they have the same deterministic binary encoding.
If both an integer and a string representation are defined for an algorithm then entities creating ECTs SHOULD use the integer representation.
If condition ECT and ACS entry use different names for the same algorithm, and the Verifier does not recognize that they are the same, then a downgrade attack is possible.

The comparison MUST return false if the CBOR encoding of the `digests` entry in the condition ECT or the ACS value with the same codepoint is incorrect. For example, if fields are missing or if they are the wrong type.

The comparison MUST return false if the condition ECT digests entry does not contain any digests.

The comparison MUST return false if either digests entry contains multiple values for the same hash algorithm.

> The Verifier MUST iterate over the condition ECT `digests` array, locating common hash algorithm identifiers. Identifiers are present in the condition ECT and in the candidate entry.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Verifier MUST iterate over the condition ECT `digests` array, locating the common hash algorithm identifiers which are present in both the condition ECT and in the candidate entry.
```
